An inception network is a deep neural network with an architectural design that consists of repeating components referred to as Inception modules. As mentioned earlier, this article focuses on the technical details of the inception module.Inception Modules are used in Convolutional Neural Networks to allow for more efficient computation and deeper Networks through a dimensionality reduction with stacked 1×1 convolutions. The modules were designed to solve the problem of computational expense, as well as overfitting, among other issues.(Inception Layer) is a combination of all those layers (namely, 1×1 Convolutional layer, 3×3 Convolutional layer, 5×5 Convolutional layer) with their output filter banks concatenated into a single output vector forming the input of the next stage.”Introduction to Inception models. The Inception V3 is a deep learning model based on Convolutional Neural Networks, which is used for image classification. The inception V3 is a superior version of the basic model Inception V1 which was introduced as GoogLeNet in 2014.Which ones of the following statements on Inception Networks are true? A single inception block allows the network to use a combination of 1x1, 3x3, 5x5 convolutions and pooling. Making an inception network deeper (by stacking more inception blocks together) should not hurt training set performance.Inception v3 is a convolutional neural network for assisting in image analysis and object detection, and got its start as a module for Googlenet. It is the third edition of Google's Inception Convolutional Neural Network, originally introduced during the ImageNet Recognition Challenge.MobileNetV2 is a convolutional neural network architecture that seeks to perform well on mobile devices. It is based on an inverted residual structure where the residual connections are between the bottleneck layers.An Inception Module is an image model block that aims to approximate an optimal local sparse structure in a CNN. Put simply, it allows for us to use multiple types of filter size, instead of being restricted to a single filter size, in a single image block, which we then concatenate and pass onto the next layer.Inception-v3 is a convolutional neural network that is 48 layers deep. You can load a pretrained version of the network trained on more than a million images from the ImageNet database [1]. The pretrained network can classify images into 1000 object categories, such as keyboard, mouse, pencil, and many animals.SqueezeNet is a convolutional neural network that employs design strategies to reduce the number of parameters, notably with the use of fire modules that "squeeze" parameters using 1x1 convolutions.ImageNet is a common academic data set in machine learning for training an image recognition system. Code in this directory demonstrates how to use TensorFlow to train and evaluate a type of convolutional neural network (CNN) on this academic data set.GoogLeNet is a convolutional neural network that is 22 layers deep. You can load a pretrained version of the network trained on either the ImageNet [1] or Places365 [2] [3] data sets. The network trained on ImageNet classifies images into 1000 object categories, such as keyboard, mouse, pencil, and many animals.The Inception network on the other hand, was complex (heavily engineered). It used a lot of tricks to push performance; both in terms of speed and accuracy. Its constant evolution lead to the creation of several versions of the network. The popular versions are as follows:

Inception v1.
Inception v2 and Inception v3.
Inception v4 and Inception-ResNet.
Each version is an iterative improvement over the previous one. Understanding the upgrades can help us to build custom classifiers that are optimized both in speed and accuracy.This is where it all started. Let us analyze what problem it was purported to solve, and how it solved it. (Paper)

The Premise:
Salient parts in the image can have extremely large variation in size. For instance, an image with a dog can be either of the following, as shown below. The area occupied by the dog is different in each image.Because of this huge variation in the location of the information, choosing the right kernel size for the convolution operation becomes tough. A larger kernel is preferred for information that is distributed more globally, and a smaller kernel is preferred for information that is distributed more locally.
Very deep networks are prone to overfitting. It also hard to pass gradient updates through the entire network.
Naively stacking large convolution operations is computationally expensive.
